Added information about exactly-once delivery (#61)
singlestore-labs/singlestore-debezium-connector: README.md

* `snapshots_to_keep` - Defines the number of snapshots to keep for backup and replication.
* `snapshot_trigger_size` - Defines the size of transaction logs in bytes, which, when reached,
  triggers a snapshot that is written to disk.

## Achieving Exactly-Once Delivery

**Note:** Exactly-once semantics (EOS) is currently supported only with Kafka Connect in distributed
mode.

With the release of Kafka 3.3.0 and the added support for exactly-once delivery in Kafka Connect,
you can now enable exactly-once delivery for the SingleStore Debezium connector with

> minimal configuration. To configure exactly-once delivery for the SingleStore Debezium connector,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minimal configuration. To configure exactly-once delivery for the connector,
```

> follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perform the following tasks:
```

1. Set `exactly.once.source.support=enabled` in your Kafka Connect worker configuration. This
   ensures EOS is enabled across all workers. If performing a rolling update, first set
   `exactly.once.source.support=preparing` on each worker and then gradually switch them

>    to `enabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to `enabled`.
```

2. Add `exactly.once.support=required` to the connector configuration.

> **Note**: If the connector is stopped for an extended period, the offset may become stale. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If the connector is stopped for an extended period of time, the offset may become stale. In
```

> such a situation, the connector may need to be manually restarted, which triggers a re-execution of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this scenario, the connector may need to be manually restarted, which triggers a re-execution of
```

the initial snapshot. This re-snapshotting process can lead to duplicate events, resulting in a loss
of the exactly-once delivery guarantee during the snapshot phase. Users should be aware of this

> limitation and monitor connector downtime carefully to avoid such scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limitation and closely monitor connector downtime to avoid such scenarios.
```
